We are going to use WPC Allai for the following administrative tasks, creating child teams and administering
themes and plug ins.
There is one important aspect that I must emphasize before using any WPEC that I command ensure that
you are in your sights.
Public HTML directory.
If you are not, you then need to use the past variable.
You need to specify the path to your site's public HTML directory.
Let's look at an example.
The first example I'm currently in my home directory.
I type the command WP themeless error.
This does not seem to be a WordPress install.
The second example.
I am still in the home directory of my user.
I've topped the same command WP themed list.
Only this time I've specified a path to the WordPress files.
VAR w w w my domain name public html.
And there is the list of themes.
The next example I've changed to my site's public HTML directory.
You'll notice the change in the prompt of top to command WP themeless and the list of themes is being
displayed.
The easiest option is to change to your site's public HTML directory.
Once you've changed your site's public HDMI directory, all you do is type the command you would like
to use.
You can also use the part variable.
It just means there will be a lot more typing involved.
So for the rest of this picture, I will be changing to my site's public HTML directory.